Fix CVE-2026-19025 (Reject chunked datasets with mismatched chunk/dspace rank at open time) (#6508)
HDFGroup/hdf5: release_docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Library

### Fixed a crash when reading a chunked dataset whose chunk rank mismatches the dataspace

>    The chunk layout's stored dimensionality was validated against the dataspace rank at creation time, but not at open time, so a file whose stored chunk rank disagrees with its dataspace rank would not be caught. The resulting inconsistent selection ranks during chunk I/O caused a divide-by-zero in the hyperslab iterator. The chunk dimensionality is now also validated on open, and such a dataset is rejected with an error instead of crashing.

Reviewer: `disagrees` -> `disagreed`
`would not be caught` -> `was not caught`

## Library

> ### Fixed a crash when reading a chunked dataset whose chunk rank mismatches the dataspace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Fixed a crash when reading a chunked dataset whose chunk rank does not match the dataspace rank
```

> ### Fixed a crash when reading a chunked dataset whose chunk rank mismatches the dataspace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Fixed a crash when reading a chunked dataset whose chunk rank does not match the dataspace rank
```
